So congratulations on reaching the end of the course I really want to thank you for your attention and
I hope that this course has helped you better understand search engine optimization and in particular
that you know how to find the right keywords for your site head to optimize random and also learn some
strategies for creating content that's going to attract links from here toward these sites within your
niche.
So if you have found the Course helpful and you've learnt a lot I'd really appreciate if you could give
me a rating and a comment here on me.
Of course if you've any questions or suggestions about how I can improve the course you can under discussion
.
I'm in the discussion forums almost every day.
So my final piece of advice would be that if you still find all of these SEO technicalities too much
you can just by chance if you want to get instantly to the top of the search engine results Google and
the other search engines will be delighted to promote your site and feature you in the sponsored area
on the search engine results page.
Just remember that you're going to have to place your ads around certain keywords so perhaps review
the keywords section of the site.
So that's really a guide.
Don't forget to ask questions and writer reviews.
Thanks again for your attention.